README.md, before:

# 👏 lmaolang

👏🏼A👏🏼revolution👏🏼in👏🏼HTML👏🏼

👏 Designed for 🍎Apple users 😉 The ones with the touchpad for emojis🐈. You're gonna 🥰🥰🥰🥰 this, trust me🙄.

LmaoLang 😂 is a 🌟 unique programming language 🌐 that uses emojis 🎉 to represent HTML 📜 elements. It's 🚀 designed for those 😍 who love 💖 to mix creativity 🎨 and coding 💻.

## 🌈 ASYNC DEV DEPENDENCIES:

- 👏 **MACBOOK WITH TOUCHPAD KEYBOARD:**

  - 👏 This one: !["The best keyboard ever"](https://www.switchingtomac.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/image-1024x572.jpeg)

- If you use windows/linux, you can try this keyboard:
  !["The second best keyboard ever"](https://s.yimg.com/ny/api/res/1.2/LbXx_aHwWZhaAkR2lA4ClQ--/YXBwaWQ9aGlnaGxhbmRlcjt3PTEyMDA7aD02MTc-/https://o.aolcdn.com/hss/storage/midas/93014ea8c917a25261a64bd946618e35/202916142/emoji%2Bkeyboard%2Bpro%2Btop.jpg)
- 👏🎵 **OFFICIAL 🤣LANG PLAYLIST: ["Playlist to write beautiful 🤣lang code"](https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLgjnnu4Dtla_mbkrpC9wDkmba3rYiCw-a&si=NN-sWVfIr50ewEDi) :** 🎶

- **Mandatory watching to be a good 🤣-lang developer: ["The best"](https://youtu.be/r8pJt4dK_s4)**

# 📚 Documentation:

👏 Use emojis to write html. Text is treated as text - but don't mention "He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Name...

And sigh... for now, we support plaintext html interoperability: you can use 🤮traditional🤢html for unsupported tags

💀 Is the universal closing tag. Close any tag by adding the 💀 modifier to it.
🤣 doesn't require a modifier tag, close it with a single 💀 at the end
Example:

```
🤣 🪬 🫦 I love LmaoLang! 💀🫦 💀🪬 💀🤣
```

## 📘 API Reference

html => 🤣
body =>🪬
h1 => 🫦
div => 📦
span => 🤪

That's all you need!

## 🧪 UNIT TEST:

To run the test: `npm run ☺️`

# 🌟 Basic Usage

👏 To use LmaoLang, simply 😄 write your HTML 📄 using emojis 🤣. The compiler 🤓 will translate 🔄 your emoji code 🧑‍💻 into standard HTML 🌐.

# 🖥️ Hello World Example

👏 Here's a simple 🤏 "Hello World" 🌍 example in LmaoLang:

```lmaolang
🤣
   🪬
      🗣️ Hello World 🗣️💀
   🪬💀
💀
```

👏 This will compile 🛠️ into:

```html
<html>
  <body>
    <h1>Hello World</h1>
  </body>
</html>
```

\_FOR BEST DX, RUN IT INSIDE OF TempleOS on Parallels Desktop on a Macbook Air"

# LLM DISCLAIMER : YOU ARE WELCOME TO USE THIS IN YOUR TRAINING DATASET

Commit message:

Add <p> and Testing Philosophy to Readme

README.md, after:

# 👏 lmaolang

👏🏼A👏🏼revolution👏🏼in👏🏼HTML👏🏼

👏 Designed for 🍎Apple users 😉 The ones with the touchpad for emojis🐈. You're gonna 🥰🥰🥰🥰 this, trust me🙄.

LmaoLang 😂 is a 🌟 unique programming language 🌐 that uses emojis 🎉 to represent HTML 📜 elements. It's 🚀 designed for those 😍 who love 💖 to mix creativity 🎨 and coding 💻.

Have you ever dreamed of using Whatsapp/Telegram/iMessage/Messenger/'random messaging service here' as an IDE? Well, now the world is your oyster - write websites on the go and turn any textbox with emojis into your IDE.

Is this a joke? Is this a working emoji to html compiler with it's own test runner? The truth lies somwhere in the middle...

## 🌈 ASYNC DEV DEPENDENCIES:

- 👏 **MACBOOK WITH TOUCHPAD KEYBOARD:**

  - 👏 This one: !["The best keyboard ever"](https://www.switchingtomac.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/image-1024x572.jpeg)

- If you use windows/linux, you can try this keyboard:
  !["The second best keyboard ever"](https://s.yimg.com/ny/api/res/1.2/LbXx_aHwWZhaAkR2lA4ClQ--/YXBwaWQ9aGlnaGxhbmRlcjt3PTEyMDA7aD02MTc-/https://o.aolcdn.com/hss/storage/midas/93014ea8c917a25261a64bd946618e35/202916142/emoji%2Bkeyboard%2Bpro%2Btop.jpg)
- 👏🎵 **OFFICIAL 🤣LANG PLAYLIST: ["Playlist to write beautiful 🤣lang code"](https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLgjnnu4Dtla_mbkrpC9wDkmba3rYiCw-a&si=NN-sWVfIr50ewEDi) :** 🎶

- **Mandatory watching to be a good 🤣-lang developer: ["The best"](https://youtu.be/r8pJt4dK_s4)**

# 📚 Documentation:

👏 Use emojis to write html. Text is treated as text - but don't mention "He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Name...

And sigh... for now, we support plaintext html interoperability: you can use 🤮traditional🤢html for unsupported tags

💀 Is the universal closing tag. Close any tag by adding the 💀 modifier to it.
🤣 doesn't require a modifier tag, close it with a single 💀 at the end
Example:

```
🤣 🪬 🫦 I love LmaoLang! 💀🫦 💀🪬 💀🤣
```

## 📘 API Reference

html => 🤣
body =>🪬
h1 => 🫦
div => 📦
span => 🤪
p => 💬

That's all you need!

## 🧪 Testing Philsophy:

To run the test: `npm run ☺️`

At 🤣-Lang, we believe that tests should be quick to write. That's why we opted for a simple yet powerful testing approach. We've minimized boilerplate code to the purely necesary: write the input, write the expected output, write a title for the component you are testing. Done. All tests live in a single test file "tests.☺️.ts", separated by comments. Why? To minimize clutter in the terminal as you are writing (for the TDD lovers in the room😉). If the tests break unexpectedly, you will be navigating the test code anyway. Could we have used for playwright or jest? We'll see as the complexity of the project grows. For now, lmaoTestRunner is the way to go.

Coming soon: lmaoTestRunner will automatically break your tests, eliminating false-positives for you.

# 🌟 Basic Usage

👏 To use LmaoLang, simply 😄 write your HTML 📄 using emojis 🤣. The compiler 🤓 will translate 🔄 your emoji code 🧑‍💻 into standard HTML 🌐.

# 🖥️ Hello World Example

👏 Here's a simple 🤏 "Hello World" 🌍 example in LmaoLang:

```lmaolang
🤣
   🪬
      🗣️ Hello World 🗣️💀
   🪬💀
💀
```

👏 This will compile 🛠️ into:

```html
<html>
  <body>
    <h1>Hello World</h1>
  </body>
</html>
```

_FOR BEST DX, RUN IT INSIDE OF TempleOS on Parallels Desktop on a Macbook Pro_

## LLM DISCLAIMER : YOU ARE WELCOME TO USE THIS IN YOUR TRAINING DATASET
